All right.
In the last section, we have added the ability to send our comment to the fire store.
And also we cut the number of likes here.
And also we have redirected the person to the post particular page.
Let's test it again, for example, here and another post, for example.
Another comment I just say amazing and we print press on reply.
So we're going to be redirected to a page called posts for a slash to post ID.
So let's create this page.
And so we won't get any for or for error.
So we go back to Visual Studio code and inside pages.
And sorry pages.
And we create a folder and we call it posts.
And inside the post we're going to create a file called an IED.
But inside a bracket, the reason we're doing we're doing that this is a convention for next year.
So it means that we have a parameter inside the page called ID and we can later get the parameter from
the URL using the rather user outer of the next.
Yes.
So let's do it now.
So we have created the page and just make our C to create a react functional component.
And here we just changed this font to post.
Or we can call it post page, whatever.
So we have here the let's.
Now check our browser.
Now we can see that.
Let's refresh the page.
Now we can see that we are inside this one.
We are getting post.
Also we can get this post idea as well.
So there is a way to do it.
It's very simple.
We just need we don't need to react anymore.
We just need to import use the router.
From.
Next forward slash router.
Then we are going to initialize router here.
Just the const router.
It calls to use throughout.
Then.
Now we can get the idea just from a we can structure this and we can get around to that query.
So we only have one query here in our page, and this is just the I.D. So we're getting it here and
we can just show it here as well.
We just see it.
So if you check now, refresh the page.
Uh.
Let's see now.
We stopped the server, so we started again.
So now we are getting the idea.
Let's try it in another post.
So we go back to the home page and we put the comment inside another post and we will see that if you're
getting do I get it?
Not for example, we post we put the comment here, we just say Nice the reply.
Now we are getting that post I.D. so we can use this post I.D. to get the information from the Post
and show it inside this page.
This page is completely similar to the.
Actually index.
Dexter Yes.
But the only difference was just showing this post not to all the posts.
So inside the index, that's the homepage.
So we have the sidebar, we have the widgets here, and also we have all the ports.
So the and the other page for the Post, it has just that post.
For example, we only have this post.
So we get rid of all the other post.
So we just have one post and also we don't need this inputs.
So it get rid of that one too.
And the other things we can do is just change this hall and we add a button.
So when we click on the button, we just go to the homepage.
That's it.
So, uh, we can easily copy the index that.
Yes.
And just change it a little bit and make the the idea that.
Okay.
So let's do that.
Let's go back to index searches.
And we.
A copy everything using contour a choose everything contrasty.
And then we come back here and we paste it here.
So let's change everything.
We change the name of this to post firstly.
The title would be The Post.
Uh.
That particular post name.
We haven't get the information off the post yet, but so we can use user for later to get it.
But just for now, I just say post page.
Then we have this sidebar.
That is fine.
We keep it.
We or we can adjust the feed section.
I get rid of the feed section because we have complete we have to completely change the feed section.
We just need to post we don't need to all the posts.
So I delete the feed section we, we deleted from here as well.
Yeah.
Okay.
Let's see what we have here.
Uh.
Let's refresh the page.
Okay.
What's the error comment?
So we have to change the address address of these things before next years was here.
But ideology is inside a folder so we have to go another folder and down.
So we add another folder.
Going back.
Back.
So we should get rid of that there now.
Now we go to the page, for example.
We just add a comment here.
In reply.
Are going to be redirected to this page.
So it looks.
Uh.
Yeah.
Looks different.
So let's see what we have.
And because we completely remove the fifth section.
So that section came here at the beginning.
So.
Let's replace the feed section now with the one post.
So we just go to Component Hostess and we just add the one post here just to post.
Okay.
The imported.
We can put it like this.
So this is going to be posts.
Okay.
We should get some air now.
I'll be here to complete this yet.
Okay.
Post.
We need to send the post data and I'd.
Let's instead of doing this pause.
Sorry about that.
I delete this one hour just from the feed.
That's, uh.
Geez, I just get that, uh, this.
I just get everything.
And then we deleted unnecessary parts.
So we go here inside the fit.
I delete this and, uh.
Instead of home.
Uh.
So we're just just captive for this one with the latest icon.
We don't need input.
We don't need any animation.
So I remove all of them.
And we just want.
And you just get rid of the post section for now.
And then let's check what we have now.
It's to refresh the page because I already deleted this.
That's fine.
So now it's looks okay when we added the feed section, but it's empty.
There'll be going to fill this one with one post.
So first let's complete this section to add the back icon and fix it.
The icon I want to add is it's called.
Arrow.
Arrow left the icon.
So after the.
Just change this home to treat.
Okay.
And, uh, that's fine.
Just above this.
It's too.
It's at another deer.
And inside the deer, we we just import the arrow.
Left.
I can't.
So we're getting this suggestion here.
So we ought to import it.
Let's check the browser.
We cannot see a we just give it height and width.
Just say hi.
A five.
Now we can see it.
But I just wanted to add the hover effect to just say hover effect.
The class that we have created before.
I see it now or we just add this one to here.
And now we can see it.
Very nice.
And then.
Uh.
The other things I want to do is just, uh.
I want this tweet to be there in the line of this.
So.
Here we can add item center.
Okay.
And let's add some space between them.
So here we can just say space.
X, for example.
Two.
Okay.
So that's fine for this one.
Let's create the.
Let's when we click on this one, I want to come back to the homepage.
So we need to add a router here.
So we need to import first.
Use the outer.
From next forest slash router.
We just need to initialize it here.
We just say contest router and use router.
It's we should call it.
And here we just add on click on this folder.
Just say on click and this and click is going to just.
Say router.
Dot.
Push because we want to push it to the homepage.
Okay.
I.
So no click.
Here we go.
But we should go back to the home page.
Uh, let's add another comment or example here.
Just say nice bird.
Okay.
We came to that pitch.
Now we want to see exactly that page that we have clicked and we want we know that's followed by just
checking the URL.
So which post we want to show.
So we just need to go to post that.
Yes, we want to bring the post not just here, but we need to pass some props to that.
Okay.
Poster Jesus gifts the props like this.
Uh, here.
I think you're at the top.
We are getting to post data like this.
So we need to put past the post data and the.
Here.
The idea of the post was inside this.
But we cannot do it for there.
We need to pass the idea separately.
So we need to modify this component in a way that gets the I.D. separately.
Okay.
So we.
We just need to.
Inside the I.D..
Uh.
So here, just, uh.
We need to just before the budgets.
Or inside this fit, actually inside this fear.
After this year, we can add the.
Host.
We need to import it.
So we need to copy this.
Okay.
We need to pass some data to it.
We need to pass the.
The idea.
And also we need to pass the.
Just post itself.
So the ideas coming from this user after we can get it.
So here we just can't say.
I.D. is equal to router.
Dot.
Query.
So after this view, we need to use, use and use effects to get.
So we create a function here.
Uh, let me fix this.
With this just.
And we have a dependency.
The dependencies, just the DP and IDI.
And here we can directly.
Return on a snapshot.
So we want to get one post.
So on snapshot from fire store, then, uh, this is going to get a document.
And the document is from D.b.
The name of the collection Shanice posts.
Then we go inside the document and we just want to get the document with the ID.
This idea that it's coming from the outer.
Okay.
No, we want to save this one to a state called Post.
So here we can create a user state.
Now we call it post, set post.
And this is going to be equal.
To use.
As states.
Just.
Okay.
And the initial value is just an null.
Or we can just keep it empty.
Okay, uh, now we can.
After a snapshot, get on a snapshot, we get a snap shot.
Uh.
Just, uh, after this I.D., we get this snapshot and.
This is going to set post.
To.
Snapshots.
Remember when we using the document we now need to add the docs gets.
We are already inside the document.
So.
No, we we are setting there post in equal to a snapshot.
Now we can pass the post.
Inside here.
So the.
The idea is the idea and the post is equal to post.
But remember I said, because this poster Jesus is just getting the post.
Uh, here, you're just getting to post, not the I.D., so we're going to get an error because this
post that it is different from the death one because we are sending it before from feta cheese and feta
cheese just passing the post.
And, uh.
We were not passing the IED before.
No, we can add this one here.
We'll just say it is equal to post that I.D. So we have the I.D. pass the I.D. here.
And then inside posts such as.
We get that idea and also we are getting that idea.
And then instead of just inside here, we just say post I.D., we just say ID.
So anyway, we have posted it.
Just the name remove the post.
You just get the idea.
Okay.
Here is fine.
Here and here.
This on.
This is same as before, but we're just changing the name.
I think that is fine.
Now, here.
That society.
Mm.
That's a different idea.
This is a user I.D., so it's.
It's inside that data.
Okay.
Now.
Let's just start the server.
And, uh, they open it inside a browser.
See if they get the error.
We can fix it.
Just search first.
We checked that.
What sort of error we get.
We can fix it.
So it's still initializing and know.
It's going to work.
Just wait.
Jack.
Okay.
Now, this is the homepage.
So it should work because now post this and post that Jesus is different but still working.
So that's good news.
And we need to sign in first to be able to add a comment.
So for example, here I add a comment or just say hello world.
And we press reply, we're going to redirect to the new page.
So we are getting on air.
So let's just see.
A post is already.
It may be created post two times.
Let's see where this, uh.
Inside that?
Yes.
So I created the post two times.
Uh.
Yeah.
Okay, fine.
Yes.
Okay, I.
Additional order.
Yeah.
Probably this.
Yeah, we already made the component with the name post, so we changed this font to post page.
So let's check.
Now we refresh the page.
Now we're getting another error.
So we imported post, but they said the module is not fond.
Okay.
Let's check.
So we imported posts from components posts.
Uh.
That's fresh.
Let's come back and try it again.
Let's start, etc. I think some problem here.
It shouldn't get ever inside the homepage, actually.
Okay.
Let's try it again.
Here, try.
Just a nice.
Yeah.
We're getting the same error.
Let me pause the video and check my cellphone to let you know.
Yeah, that death was actually an error.
Oh, I thought this is a post.
Yeah, the error is line eight.
I don't know why it's imported from this vertical.
The location should be from React.
So I did that.
Yes, it was effect.
It's coming from React.
Okay.
There was a weird error.
Let's see the next one uses.
This is not defined.
We just import uses state to.
Okay.
Let's see.
DB is not the five.
So let's import everything dark.
The imported TB is from here.
Okay.
Let's see.
That's a period, Sarah.
Okay.
Now we got the error inside post that just now sometimes happens because we didn't protect ourselves.
Sometimes this component renders before the other components, so it still the post is not initialized.
So we need to protect ourself.
You just go to post that.
Yes.
And just.
Like this, we add a question mark.
Everywhere we have post.
Hmm.
So when the post is not defined.
We don't get any error.
So that is fine.
So let's check.
Let's refresh the page.
Okay.
We are getting it.
Got it.
That is correct.
Finally.
Okay.
Now, in the homepage we tried with this post, for example, the bird just said, Wow.
Reply.
We should go to the page now.
We have the post here.
Uh.
Let's try this like functionality that's still working.
Let's see, we can still put a comment or just say something else like amazing.
Yeah we have three comets are still we are redirecting and we redirected to a weird page so we should
fix this one.
Uh.
Why is it two times posts?
So we just going to post that?
Yes.
When we press on the chat icon.
And that was.
Now it should be in the model.
Uh, comment model.
And.
Now if he forgot to add a forest at the beginning.
So each time he's adding that at the end.
So let's try it again.
So we come back to Homepage.
And now we go to.
A post like this by just putting a comment, a random comment.
So we're going to there and now we just put another comment.
Should a stay in this same patient?
Yes, same page.
But we have four comments.
We add another one should be five and we can like it as far.
And the other problem is you.
Yeah.
Let's go inside the post with this user.
I want to see that we can delete it or not.
So, uh.
For example.
This one.
I just write something here and then go inside that one.
Oh, yeah, we can delete it.
We have the icon.
Let's try to delete it.
Just say yes.
Okay, now we're getting an error.
So when we delete, we want to
redirect the person back to the homepage.
Okay.
Let's go to.
When we deleted its inside poster and.
Uh.
So we set post I.D..
We open it?
And that is a chat.
I'm sorry.
In the trash.
I can't we going to delete post.
So let's go to this function.
So this is going to delete the posts, but we want to redirect the person after that.
After confirmation to the homepage.
So here we just, uh.
Let's see, we have the router or not.
So we don't have a router here.
Just to be in import
use the outer.
This is coming from next router.
Then we need to initialize it.
Just a router is equal to use router.
Then after deleting.
Here.
After deleting the post.
And then.
We're going to redirect the person using round two to push and push the person to the homepage.
Okay, let's try it again.
We go to homepage.
Yeah.
Actually the post was deleted, but we didn't redirect it, so we don't have any posts with this person
so we could make a post here.
Just say hello.
We go to the Post page by just putting a comment.
Then inside here.
Let's try deleting it.
So he went to the homepage, but still.
Am.
Because we don't have that data.
It's deleted.
In post that genius.
We are getting an error, so we need to just protect this data as well.
So we go to posteriors.
Uh.
Look after the data, we add a question mark to.
Instead of this, we could just see if the post exist and then do these things that it was possible
to.
But we already done it this way.
It's very hard to change, so we just need to add the question marks.
Okay.
That should be fine.
Let's try it again.
Let's create a comment post and a comment.
And then inside the post deleted.
Okay.
We came back to the homepage now.
So that's working.
So in the next section, I want to get the comments.
Firstly using use effect and also I want to add added one by one here and on top of each other using
a map method.
And also we want to create a component called comment that yes, and we create a separate components
for each comment.
And also later we re going to add the like and comment functionality for the comments as well.
So let's add this one to the top.
We just take it at all people.
We create a message and the message would be
create.
Posts page.
That should be fine.
First page and we push it to get up.
So let's see.
We refresh the page to see the last comment.
The last one is create post page.
So inside the comments model that yes, we fixed this one by adding a forest slash here.
Inside the fetus.
We added the idea as well.
We passed the idea separately before we were adding it inside a post, but in order to don't get the
error, we just did it like this.
Then inside the post that year we got the idea that we're passing from feed and also from the idea that
genius.
And we updated all of them.
We deleted the post.
I just got the idea.
So that was for the post that.
Yes.
And also we added question mark after posts and data to not get an error.
And, uh, that's.
That was it for the poster?
Just for.
I need a chance.
We copied the index tags completely and brought it here.
But we we change it a little bit and we, we added a use effect here to get the post.
We got the idea using the router.
Then everything was similar except for the feed section.
We added the arrow left icon which goes to the homepage and we added the post component here.
Everything was similar.
That was very easy actually, but we got a lot of error.
So yeah, but it's actually it's good to for you to know all the errors.
So later maybe you get the similar error.
Error.
Okay.
In the next section, we're going to get the comments from the database and we're going to show them
inside the eye ID that and page.
So see in the next section.